Slovene - Hudič na koncu še z repom mahne - The devil whips his tail as he leaves
Slovene - Nima smisla zvoniti po toči - It’s no use to ring the bell after the hail.
Slovene - Bolje vrabec v roki kot golob na strehi. - Better a sparrow in your hand than a pigeon on the roof
Slovene - Brez muje se še čevelj ne obuje. - You can’t even put on a shoe without some effort.
Slovene - Osel gre samo enkrat na led. - The donkey only goes on the ice once
Slovene - Smeh je pol zdravja - Laughter is the half of good health.
Slovene - Skoraj je skoraj zajca ujel. - Almost almost caught a rabbit
English - Knowledge is power.  Power corrupts.  Study hard.  Be evil.
English - Make hay while the sun shines
English - Let sleeping dogs lie
English - Know which way the wind is blowing
English - Fortune favors the bold
English - You CAN have your cake and eat it, too
English - Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back
English - Sometimes you need to throw caution to the wind
English - The early bird gets the worm
English - Slow and steady wins the race
English - Every cloud has a silver lining
English - Good things come to those who wait
English - Don’t put all your eggs in one basket
English - The devil is in the details
English - It might be time to hit the books
English - Fake it ‘till you make it
Japanese - 知らぬが仏 - Not knowing is Buddha
Japanese - 虎穴に入らずんば虎子を得ず - If you don’t enter the tiger’s cave, you can’t catch its cub
Japanese - 井の中の蛙大海を知らず - A frog in a well does not know the great sea
Japanese - 明日は明日の風が吹く - Tomorrow’s winds will blow tomorrow
Japanese - 雨降って地固まる - After rain falls, the ground hardens
Japanese - 七転び八起き - Fall seven times, stand up eight
Japanese - 温故知新 - Review past, know future
Spanish - Si buscas resultados distintos, no hagas siempre lo mismo. - If you are looking for different results, don’t always do the same thing.
Spanish - Los buenos pensamientos, producirán buenos actos - Good thoughts will produce good deeds
Spanish - Las pasiones son los viajes del corazón - Passions are the journeys of the heart.
Spanish - Haz bien y no mires a quién - Do good things and don’t look at (compare yourself to) others
Spanish - Al mal tiempo, buena cara - To bad weather, good face.
Spanish - Hazlo, y si te da miedo, hazlo con miedo. - Do it, and if you’re scared, do it scared.
Spanish - Quién a buen árbol se arrima, buena sombra le cobija. - The one who stays close to a good tree is sheltered by a good shadow
Swedish - Själv är bäste dräng. - You do things best yourself.
Hawaiian - \`A`ohe lokomaika\`i i nele i ke pâna\`i - No kind deed has ever lacked its reward.
Hawaiian - \`A\`ohe loa i ka hana a ke aloha - Distance is ignored by love.
Hawaiian - A’a i ka hula, waiho i ka maka’u i ka hale - Dare to dance, leave shame at home.
Hawaiian - Lana kakou i ka hau'oli o ha'i. - We rise by uplifting others.
Hawaiian - I Keka, I Kaa Hoe Pae Aku I Kaa Aina. - Bail and Paddle, Paddle and Bail, and The Shore (end) Is Reached.
Russian - Не имей сто рублей, а имей сто друзей - Better have hundred friends then hundred rubbles
Filipino - Ang hindi lumingon sa pinanggalingan, hindi makakarating sa paroroonan. - The one who cannot look back will never reach their goal
Filipino - Ang karukhaan ay hindi hadlang sa pagtatagumpay - Poverty is not a hindrance to success
Filipino - Ang hindi marunong magmahal sa sariling wika ay mahigit pa sa mabaho at malansang isda - The one who doesn't love their mother tongue is worse than a rotten fish
Filipino - Habang may buhay, may pag-asa  - While there is life, there is hope
Dutch - Een ezel stoot zich maar een keer aan dezelfde steen - Even a fool does not repeat their mistake
Dutch - Achter de wolken schijnt de zon - The sun is shining behind the clouds
English - Where there's a will, there's a way