sword - english - Holding your spear tightly, you used all of your strength to stab the tail of the beast!
sword - english - Jumping up and down like a spring, you made a strong hit to its right wing.
crit - english - Unbelievable! Within a second, you appeared at the back of that big lizard and made an open wound on its spine!
crit - english - With the help of comrades, you reached the left wing of the dragon and gave a hit! The dragon is growling!
shield - english - Instead of making an attack, you decided to stay on guard, making it harder for a dragon to land its blow.
shield - english - This armor fix may be quick and dirty, but it will work nevertheless for someone.
miss - english - Feeling someone behind its back, the dragon turned around. Your hit did not reach its goal.
miss - english - *Keeng!* You hit it! But that was not strong enough to get through the hard skin of the dragon.
heal - english - Spell some mysterious words, you help people feel the energy back to them.
heal - english - Someone is wounded. You stop attacking and give a hand to help.
axe - english - With a new weapon picked in the middle of the battle, your attacks feel even deadlier.
axe - english - Humming a song from forgotten ages, you grab your weapon with both hands and land a powerful blow.
bomb - english - With so many people attacking, you can mix some scary substances to fight fire with fire and attack the dragon with a bomb
bomb - english - They say that knowledge is power, and you prove it by mixing a weird bomb that makes the dragon howl from pain
bmiss - english - Even the mightiest heroes can miss, and your bomb goes astray because of the strong wind
bmiss - english - As the dragon moves around, the earth shakes, and this makes you to drop the reagents for the bomb. What a pity!
breath - english - The breath of the dragon is terrifying, and some of the heroes will need time to extinguish the flames on them!
breath - english - The dragon bends its neck menacingly and some of the adventurers have to fall down on the earth because of this fire!
village - english - As the adventurers do not seem to be a big threat right now, the dragon turns its attention to the village and starts to destroy the houses.
village - english - The dragon crashes a fence and destroys a roof while the brave warriors try to recuperate after vicious attacks.
dragon - english - The dragon uses its sharp deadly claws to target one of the brave adventurers.
dragon - english - Beware of the dragon, the poets of yore said, and for a good reason: its teeth leave a scary wound again!
dmiss - english - Even the legendary beast is not omnipotent, and swift movement saves you from an injury.
dmiss - english - This armor has some strange runes on it, and as they glow, the dragon cannot bite though it. Consider it a blessing!
ac - english - This ancient scroll you read covered the dragon with some frosty pattern. It seems that this made its skin less tough and your attacks should work better now!
attack - english - Writing down everything comes with advantage! Throwing a vial of ink into dragon helps, and it cannot see very well with its eyes covered with black liquid!
damage - english - Targeting the jaw, you manage to make the dragon suffer from awful toothache! Its bites become far less strong for a while.
trigger - english - As you were close to some kitchen, you grabbed some pepper and made the dragon inhale it. It coughs violently and will not be able to use its breath for a while!
hp - english - You found some strange-looking catapult and launched a boulder into the dragon. That was a heavy hit, though the catapult seems to be broken now.
vulnerable - english - You get a glimpse of heavenly inspiration and sing a song in some language you never learnt. All the weapons are glowing and work better than ever!
stagger - english - You mock the dragon so viciously that it cannot bear your harsh words and spends a while in an existential sadness.
sword - russian - Подобно рыцарям седой старины, ты устремляешься навстречу дракону и рассекаешь его толстую шкуру. - Like a knight of the ancient times you run towards the dragon and slice its thick skin.
